backports: trivial 2024 01 01 (#5795)
dashpay/dash: test/README.md

The individual tests and the test_runner harness have many command-line
options. Run `test/functional/test_runner.py -h` to see them all.

#### Speed up test runs with a ramdisk

If you have available RAM on your system you can create a ramdisk to use as the `cache` and `tmp` directories for the functional tests in order to speed them up.
Speed-up amount varies on each system (and according to your ram speed and other variables), but a 2-3x speed-up is not uncommon.

To create a 4GB ramdisk on Linux at `/mnt/tmp/`:

```bash
sudo mkdir -p /mnt/tmp
sudo mount -t tmpfs -o size=4g tmpfs /mnt/tmp/
```

Configure the size of the ramdisk using the `size=` option.
The size of the ramdisk needed is relative to the number of concurrent jobs the test suite runs.

> For example running the test suite with `--jobs=100` might need a 4GB ramdisk, but running with `--jobs=32` will only need a 2.5GB ramdisk.

Reviewer: as I tested, it works.
But that's not true about `--jobs=100`:
dash's tests consumes much as 13Gb of storage for all tests, so, either 4Gb is not enough for 100 jobs nor 2.5Gb is enough for 32 jobs.

Let's bump it to 16 and 8?

> For example running the test suite with `--jobs=100` might need a 4GB ramdisk, but running with `--jobs=32` will only need a 2.5GB ramdisk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example running the test suite with `--jobs=100` might need a 16GB ramdisk, but running with `--jobs=4` will only need a 4GB ramdisk.
```
